Recently, I've been too busy.
One company is doing new product development, and the pace is very tight.
The other office is just being renovated.
The scene is electrical drill, knocking on the wall every day.
The tables and chairs are all moved around.
I can't record the video at all.
So the content that could have been done in advance has been dragged until now.
Let me show you the screenshot.
This is last Wednesday.
In fact, our team had already decided at that time that the video of this week
must be about Fairfly.
Why?
Because at that time we judged that it is the most pure and cost-effective
small space telescope in the market.
Here's the point.
How much did it cost at that time?
Only 23.
62 dollars.
But in just a few days, as soon as the market rebounded, the ticket flew
directly like a rocket.
Others grow 5% to 10% a day.
It's already very fierce.
It's 20% a day.
How fierce is the investment?
You can experience it for yourself.
Although the video is a little late, I didn't miss the key operation.
This Tuesday, I gave a direct instruction in the QQ community.
I bought Fairfly on April 17, 2026.
30-dollar travel price call to see QQ.
The price was about 1.
35 dollars at that time.
And on the same day, I also wrote the logic of this transaction in the public
number very clearly.
You should all know what you have seen.
The result?
Needless to say.
This QQ is now almost 3.
5 times.
No more nonsense.
Now let's take it apart layer by layer.
Why is Fairfly not a simple concept, but a really small SpaceX-like machine.
What kind of core explosive force is it?
Let Fairfly fly crazily in just a few days.
What kind of logic is it?
Let me dare to write the reason in the public number so hard.
Let's start right away.
Now let's solve the first core problem.
Why in all commercial aerospace companies, Fairfly will be identified by me as
the most like SpaceX standard.
The reason is actually not complicated at all.
You have to know that a company that is truly qualified to be called a SpaceX
standard can't just be like a part of it.
It must be on the most critical lines to find a clear correspondence with
SpaceX.
What is the core of SpaceX?
To put it bluntly, it is built on an all-chain space ecosystem.
First, it has the complete transportability from launch to deep space landing.
Second, it has made itself an indispensable infrastructure in NASA and the
national defense system.
Third, it is forming a platform-based commercial ecosystem so that other
companies have to do business on its basis.
The reason why I chose Fairfly alone is because it can find a correspondence on
these key stocks.
It has the Alpha rocket to solve the problem of entering space.
It also has the Blue Ghost lunar lander to solve the problem of land-to-sky
landings.
It has NASA's CLPS nuclear power plant and continues to extend its mission to
national security and national defense.
In other words, many companies may only have SpaceX.
Some only make satellites, some only make parts, and some only have a single
launch concept.
But Fairfly is different.
It is more like shrinking SpaceX's core stock by a percentage and then reassemb
ling it.
So I would say it is not the kind of space concept stock in every sense.
It is the company that is closest to the mini version of SpaceX in this market.
That is why Fairfly's target property is purer than other companies.
The market really recognizes whether this company has formed a value structure
similar to SpaceX.
The most valuable part of SpaceX is not only that it can launch rockets, but
that it puts launch capability, lunar mission, government relations, and
platform properties all in the same value structure.
Although Fairfly's scale is far from that of SpaceX, its development path is
already very close to this framework.
What the market values is not how big its volume is today, but that the SpaceX-
like stock price has risen.
For printing transactions, this is more important than simply comparing the
income scale and profit scale.
Because printing transactions first look at whether you look like it or not,
not how big you are.
And at this scale, Fairfly is the standard answer that is most easily accepted
by capital in the public market.
But it's not enough to just look like it.
What really makes Fairfly stand out in this market is that it is not only pure
enough to represent, but also stubborn enough to be flexible.
This is exactly what many people tend to ignore.
At this time, the market often does not look at the static fundamentals in the
traditional sense, but who is the most likely to take the lead.
SpaceX's current valuation discussed by the market has risen to $1.
75 trillion, and Fairfly's current market value is about $9.
38 trillion.
Since the end of 2025, the company's re-order has reached $1.
4 trillion.
In 2026, the income guidance gave $4.
2 trillion to $4.
5 trillion.
The cash increase has reached $7.
93 trillion.
This set of numbers put together means that Fairfly has an order, an income
increase, and cash support.
But its capital volume is far from losing flexibility.
Therefore, capital will naturally form a very direct judgment.
If you can't buy SpaceX, then buy the most like SpaceX, and the most likely to
be re-ordered.
This is why Fairfly is not only like, but also easy to grow.
Hello everyone, we are Meigu Investment, where we use big data to drive your
trading decisions.
If a company simply copies SpaceX, the market will soon ask, since SpaceX is
already so strong, why does it still need you?
The real strength of Fairfly is not that it is a copy of SpaceX, but that it is
the guardian of SpaceX.
SpaceX is more like a huge aircraft carrier, pursuing scale effect and low
cost.
And Fairfly is more like a agile destroyer, emphasizing flexibility, dedicated
and rapid response.
The needs of the two are different.
Although they are both launching, the focus is different.
This is the difference between an aircraft carrier and a destroyer.
SpaceX focuses on large-scale launch and low cost, while Fairfly focuses on
satisfying more personalized and flexible needs.
Fairfly's ALF rocket is relatively small in capacity, but its flexibility and
exclusive launch window make it the only choice when customers need more
accurate track and higher mission privacy.
This is the difference between regular troops and special forces.
In defense missions, SpaceX can't meet the needs of rapid response, because its
missions are too slow.
Fairfly uses its rapid response advantage to fill this gap.
And this is Fairfly's strength.
You should remember the Victor's Team exercise in the U.
S.
Air Force in March this year.
That mission almost became Fairfly's battle of the gods.
In less than 12 hours, complete docking, and 36 hours after receiving the
command, the launch is ready.
This is not the power of the competition, but the competition of who can take
off at any time.
For the U.
S.
Air Force, SpaceX is the main carrier, but the rapid response ability like Fair
fly is the backbone of the strategy.
So, Fairfly's most remarkable feature is not how much it looks like SpaceX, but
that it doesn't need to be the second SpaceX.
It just needs to be in those places where SpaceX can't cover or is not suitable
for deepening.
In those high-added value gaps, for example, rapid response, precise and
exclusive delivery, firmly occupying a certain position.
And this position itself is worth it.
If the launch ability is just a commercial space ticket, then it really
determines how far a space company can go, whether it can enter a higher
dimension, a higher added value deep space mission.
The moon business is a typical example.
SpaceX represents Starship HLS on this chart.
Its goal is to land on the moon and large-scale lunar development in the
future.
The imagination space is indeed very large, but from an investment point of
view, imagination space is not equal to certainty.
The larger the system, the farther the goal, the more difficult the development
cycle and the execution risk.
And Fairfly's path seems more pragmatic.
It didn't chase those big dreams at first, but started with lunar logistics,
which is more specific and easy to verify.
Fairfly has given a very tough result.
BGM-1 not only successfully realized the landing of the moon, but also covered
a full lunar cycle for more than 14 consecutive days on the moon.
The significance of this data is not just that it was successful once, but that
it proves that Fairfly has the ability to successfully deliver the mission to
the moon.
More importantly, this is not a one-off result.
Fairfly has won many missions and projects from mission 1 to mission 4.
This means that Fairfly's lunar business is no longer just a dream or a story,
but becomes a real mission reserve and stronger performance visibility.
Another key point, Fairfly's lunar landing mission will be launched with the
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket.
This proves that Fairfly's strategy is very clear.
It doesn't want to be hard on SpaceX in every round, but to focus on doing its
best.
If the first few parts are about why Fairfly can hold its position in
commercial space, then the more important question is whether the market will
start pricing it in another way.
Because once a company is seen as a launch service company for a long time, the
market's expectations of it are usually more direct.
Look at the number of launches, look at the capacity climb, look at cost
control, look at how long the cash can burn.
But in October 2025, the acquisition of Satech changed exactly this view.
In this way, Fairfly completed the acquisition with $8.
55 billion, of which about $300 million in cash, and $5.
55 billion in stocks.
After the acquisition, Satech will operate as Fairfly's full-time subsidiary
and retain its original business model.
Satech's long-term deep-rooted missile warning, spatial perception, and multid
imensional data integration are essentially algorithms, data processing, and
mission system integration.
As revealed, Satech contributed about $16.
4 billion in revenue in 2025.
The significance of this transaction is not just an additional income, but
rather that the company's original revenue structure, which is more aerospace-
oriented, has begun to add stronger national defense technology and data
processing properties.
The most important part of this change is that when the market looks at Fairfly
in the future, it may not only ask whether it can launch a few rockets this
year, but also start to ask whether the national defense data business can
continue to release, and whether software and system capabilities can increase
the overall revenue quality.
For the capital market, the valuation logic of these two businesses is
completely different.
The former is more like industrial stocks, and the latter is easier to get
technology and national defense premiums.
Because of this, the acquisition of Satech is not just a business boundary, but
also the valuation limit of Fairfly.
But whether the valuation limit can really be accepted by the market depends on
whether these new logics can be realized step by step into revenue, orders, and
cash flow.
At least from now on, it has begun.
In 2025, Fairfly's annual revenue was $160 million, an increase of 163%.
In 2026, the management team gave an increase of $4.
2 billion to $4.
5 billion.
At the same time, by the end of 2025, the company's initial order reached $1.
4 billion, and the cash flow and other items reached $7.
93 billion.
These numbers put together show that Fairfly is no longer based on concept
valuation, but has begun to enter the stage of order, income, and cash flow
together.
For a business aerospace company that is still expanding early, this is where
the financial turning point is most worth seeing.
But on the other hand, it is also clear that Fairfly is still at a high-risk
stage.
In the past, the ALF rocket has not experienced abnormalities.
Eclipse is still under development.
Citec's integration also takes time.
The whole company still has a strong capital density feature.
In other words, the biggest feature of this company now is not that the risk
has disappeared, but that as long as the execution is smooth, the flexibility
will be enlarged.
But once the chain is executed, the fluctuation will be great.
So the real thing to keep an eye on is actually a few things.
Can the 2026 income index be met?
Can the launch pace be steadily improved?
Can the moon mission continue to advance?
Can the national defense and data business turn into higher-quality income?
If all these links go forward, Fairfly will have a chance to slowly move from a
high-flexibility theme landmark to a continuously re-evaluated growth shaft.
But if there is a problem with a key point, the market's tolerance for it will
not be high.
Looking further, once Starship is truly mature, the entire launch cost system
may also be further improved.
This is also the pressure that Fairfly must face in the future.
Okay, that's all for today's video on Fairfly.
We, the U.
S.
investment network, are optimistic about its performance this year.
After watching it, do you think it is just starting to be re-priced by the
market or has already exceeded some expectations?
Do you think it has a chance to continue to be the most flexible ticket in the
commercial aerospace sector?
Welcome to make your judgment in the comment area.
Let's talk together.
If you also want to see the opportunity earlier, you can get our deep logic and
trading ideas in advance.
Remember to add our WeChat.
Before leaving, don't forget to like, subscribe, and turn on the notification
bell.
Every interaction with you is the biggest motivation for us to continue to dig
deep into the U.
S.
stock market and continue to export dry goods content.
See you next time.